---
title: "Privacy Policy"
draft: false
---
Effective Date: 19-02-2021
## Your privacy is important to us
It is Storytellers of Canada's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to the Storytellers of Canada App (hereinafter, "us", "we", or "www.storytellers-conteurs.ca/"). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.

This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms of service posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms of service.
## 1. Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Storytellers of Canada's websites choose to interact with Storytellers of Canada in ways that require Storytellers of Canada to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Storytellers of Canada gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who leave a comment at https://www.storytellers-conteurs.ca/ to provide a username and email address.
## 2. Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms of service of every site you visit.

We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
## 3. Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Storytellers of Canada discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Storytellers of Canada's behalf or to provide services available at Storytellers of Canada's website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Storytellers of Canada's website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Storytellers of Canada will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Storytellers of Canada discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Storytellers of Canada believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Storytellers of Canada, third parties or the public at large.

If you are a registered user of https://www.storytellers-conteurs.ca/ and have supplied your email address, Storytellers of Canada may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Storytellers of Canada and our products. We primarily use our blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Storytellers of Canada takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
## 4. Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Storytellers of Canada may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Storytellers of Canada's sole discretion. Storytellers of Canada encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
